# CognitV-Therapy-Demo
This demo is for a Senior Design project. Due to contractual agreements, source code and project files cannot be shared. However, the demo video encapsulates all the existing features of the game's current version, and I've also included a slideshow presentation which shares information on iteration 1 development.

Welcome to CognitV Therapy! For this project, we worked with startup company CognitV Solutions to create a Virtual Reality Exposure Therapy (VRET) experience aimed to be a type of treatment for social anxiety. Social Anxiety Disorder (SAD) has affected 49 million people just this year, and 80 million suffer from SAD sometime during their life. Traditional 
treatment options can be expensive, intimidating, time consuming, or inaccessible, and there is also a large shortage of therapists in the U.S. What CognitV Therapy strives to do is offer an immersive exposure therapy experience that can be done from the comfort of one's own home or another safe and controlled space, either with or without an accompanying 
mental health professional.

In this first iteration, we want the player to be exposed to three different social situations in a professional environment that might make them uncomfortable in real life:
1. Approaching a person and initiating conversation
2. Speaking in front of an audience
3. Having a disagreement with someone

Ideal Gameplay:
When the player enters the environment, they spawn in a conference room with several NPCs around the space. The player must approach any NPC and interact with it to start a conversation. When the conversation is finished, an NPC will approach the podium at the front of the room and quickly present a new HR policy to the group, at the end introducing the player and prompting them to 
come up and perform a speech of their own. The player must then approach the podium and interact with it to start a timer. They will be given a topic, and must speak on it for a certain amount of time. When they are done, the player interacts with the podium to stop the timer and record their time. Finally, an NPC will apprach the player and ask their opinion about
the new HR policy that was presented. No matter how the player responds, the NPC will disagree. This concludes the tasks that the player must complete to finish the game. For this first iteration, we have implemented both NPC conversations and the speech, but not the HR policy presentation. 

We are hoping to implement a few features to make the game feel more immersive and realistic. 
1. NPC responses during conversation will be generated by AI in real time
2. Difficulty settings can be changed to vary the friendliness of the NPCs
3. Speech recognition will be implemented so that the player can verbally speak, and the game can understand and form a response accordingly.

To view footage of gameplay, checkout the video in this repository. Hope you like our progress so far!
